.\ "@(#)hsfs.5"
.TH HSFS 5 "29 Sep 2012"
.SH NAME
hsfs \- fstab format and options for the
.B hsfs
file systems
.SH SYNOPSIS
.I /etc/fstab
.SH DESCRIPTION
HSFS was developed based on fuse and 
.B nfs.
.P 
The 
.BR mount (8)
command attaches a file system to the system's 
name space hierarchy at a given mount point.
.I /etc/fstab
file describes how 
.BR mount (8)
should assemble a system's file name hierarchy
from various independent file systems.
Each line in the 
.I /etc/fstab
file describes a single file system,its mount point,
and a set of default mount options for that mount point.
.P 
For Hsfs file system mounts, a line in the
.I /etc/fstab
file specifies the server name,
the path name of the exported server directory to mount,
the local directory that is the mount point,
the type of file system that is being mounted,
and a list of mount options that control
the way the filesystem is mounted and 
how the HSFS client behaves when accessing
files on this mount point.
.P
.SP
.NF
.TA 2.5i +0.75i +0.75i +1.0i
	server:path	/mountpoint	fstype option,option, ...
.FI
.P
The server's hostname and export pathname
are separated by colon, while
the mount options are separated by commas. The remaining fileds
are separated by blanks or tabs.
.P
The server's hostname can be an unqualifiled hostname,
a fully qualified domain name,
or a dotted quad IPv4 address.
.P
The
.I fstype
field contains "hsfs".  Use of the "hsfs" fstype in
.I /etc/fstab
is deprecated.
.SH "MOUNT OPTIONS"
Refer to
.BR mount (8)
for a description of generic mount options
available for all file systems. If you do not need to
specify any mount options, use the generic option
.B defaults
in
.IR /etc/fstab .
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mount (8)
.BR munt.hsfs (5)
